Fix(route): fix route parameter conflict at trending.js and change to V2 (#8923)
DIYgod/RSSHub: docs/en/programming.md

### Trending

> <RouteEn path="/github/trending/:since/:language/:spoken_language?" example="/github/trending/daily/javascript/en" :paramsDesc="['time frame, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, possible values are: daily, weekly or monthly', 'the feed language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, don\'t filter option is `any`', 'natural language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn path="/github/trending/:since/:language/:spoken_language?" example="/github/trending/daily/javascript/en" :paramsDesc="['time frame, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, possible values are: `daily`, `weekly` or `monthly`', 'the feed language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, don\'t filter option is `any`', 'natural language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```
Please also add the missing route author

> <RouteEn pauthor="DIYgod" ath="/github/trending/:since/:language/:spoken_language?" example="/github/trending/daily/javascript/en" :paramsDesc="['time frame, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, possible values are: `daily`, `weekly` or `monthly`', 'the feed language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, don\'t filter option is `any`', 'natural language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteEn author="DIYgod" path="/github/trending/:since/:language/:spoken_language?" example="/github/trending/daily/javascript/en" :paramsDesc="['time frame, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, possible values are: `daily`, `weekly` or `monthly`', 'the feed language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL, don\'t filter option is `any`', 'natural language, available in [Trending page](https://github.com/trending/javascript?since=monthly) \'s URL']" radar="1" rssbud="1"/>
```
